will a friend in the church that he
arrived for me and said fuck the minute
Wrong, very wrong, I'll sit down because
speak as he speaks're one knows
will know who it is
he said so to me because dani is the
gay asking for god numca sorrow war
and I did not win, I questioned God asking
a yellow camaro did not give it did not give and
and he promises in John 14 14 he would speak
You ask my name, I'll do it.
understood the text or did it
there's something wrong
the script is very clear when the bible
speak already chapter 4 versus 3
She speaks if you ask and you do not receive
asks badly and asks to satisfy their
pleasures
You will not receive when you ask.
that way the prayer that god answers
that nation that comes straight from the heart and
she resonates with his will
You're very rhythm of jesus you start.
To ask for something that pleases him.
when jesus is in john chapter 11
When Jesus comes and he hears
with your friend , Jesus is sick and Jesus
decides to visit the side when jesus
gets in the way and falling in
Bethany city one of the sisters relationship
mink comes running to talk to him and
joão 11 nuno reis 21 she speaks like this
Jesus, if you had my brother here
had died understand
reading the Bible she speaks is a little
bravo jesus she cobra said you
I was here already I died because jesus
responds with her with a gospel kick
he says he speaks with authority
so I am the resurrection and the
fifa
he that believeth in me though dead
he / she / it will respond he / she responds
it has already been expanded to it with the
The word goes there if some verses
verses forward
maria reaches the other side and her sister
speaks the same thing that marten told the
jesus leaf
if you had here
a mother had died only that Maria had
talking on his knees and crying on the feet of
mistakes accounts for it
jesus cries together it 's funny thats it
Duty that is both said the same
One more thing came a lot
different from the other and was answered and read
a text of isaiah 4121 of god were
thus present their demand your
request right
I have presented your daughters to me
reasons so to taste and funk
God, why are you using things?
sometimes you will realize that
You 're lost a lot of time sometimes you see
Are you asking for silence?
Praise the Lord, in a humble way.
Talking does not exist in the cinema.
The search is showing the importance of
I do not want anything, but I want to marry.
because of this all giving employment to
every day of conversation with God
this shows that there is so much more than
I ask as I pray to God, people of
pray very difficult to change everything if
You look at God asking for something.
authorization is required.
I want my blessing even need
Sir, you said, you have to comply.
with God charging you're charging
God says you asked God did not give
because he is sovereign his authority
he knows the right time and if I have one
Son and he arrives so that Daddy I love you
every faith in the world
I want a revolver. It 's obvious that I'm not going.
give boy I know what's good for him
God knows what's good for you if you
asked and did not receive calm see crisis
Chapter 3 has the time to plant time
harvest and have wept and all
You know the time of things.
he knows the right time for ddt of things
if you're gold and have not arrived yet it 's because
it's not time for you to receive
I remember a girl who once came to
my house and started to tell her and
Her husband had many problems.
Just call the husband of Mrs. Maria has
problems if my husband my husband me
irritated not change it changes it changes it
I got there and got it on the
Head went to take a shower and I was thinking.
This is what I'm going to tell her and me.
I went back there wanting the next one in
does not change your way of speaking with jesus
christ in the world way to pray pizza
hour he teaches to bear this
face teaches bearable maria teaches
know how to deal with it
she said so danny good idea and
solved her problem
the way to reach Jesus the way of
how do you change everything?
difference
we do not receive what we pray is wrong
it's creating he said man for a long time
I looked to follow the lord of
money monkeys to ask god in the
lots of stuff I did not need
of them was showing a little bit in
little what really needed
Money never needed I wanted to have
money to show off that
the others I had but this is not the focus
today it is thanks to him that I do not have
Money that I always asked him
today I know the real Christ I
know who he really is what
matter to me today the word of God
It's very clear, it 's very round.
mateus 6 33 do not speak usc the kingdom of
heavens
first and foremost in all other
things he will do is exploration
to know Jesus really like this
leaves of intimacy with you not
I want the blessings of God that attention
other times that intimacy with
that this is the old woman who
hear his voice and know why the
activity is true in your life .
jesus were with you
your heart will be so bad with it
so much intimacy that all his
prayers will be answered because all
the prayers will be in accordance with the
God's will
what's up